Author: CRECK Modeling Group, Politecnico di Milano

This folder contains:

The three files necessary to perform 1D flame simulations with OpenSMOKE++, using the CRECK soot model:
    - kinetics.CHEMKIN_base3pp.CKI
    - thermo.CHEMKIN.CKT
    - transport.CHEMKIN.TRC
    
In the "kinetics.CHEMKIN_base3pp.CKI" file the comment "Soot module generated by SOOTGEN starts here" separates the gas-phase sub-module to the soot sub-module. The soot module can be generated and modified through the code contained in the SOOTGEN folder.
    
The "SOOTGEN/examples" sub-folder contains the two following input files required to automatically generate the soot module:

    - input.txt, which contains the list of BIN, PAHs, small RSRs and H-abstracting species used in the soot sub-module. 
    - Input_ArrheniusGlobal.txt, which contains the list of reaction classes and the related reference rate parameters used in the soot sub-module.
    
    To modify the base soot sub-module:
    i. Insert the modified rate parameters within the curly brakets of the  "@GlobalValue" keyword in the "Input_ArrheniusGlobal.txt" file.
    ii. From Linux terminal enter into the "examples" directory and then run the code using the following command "./../bin/SootGEN.sh"

The "A_Soot.txt" file, which contains the soot module, will be generated in the "examples" directory.
    
A new model (gas-phase + soot) can be generated and compiled by modifying the "kinetics.CHEMKIN_base.CKI" file in the main folder. 
Just replace all the reactions included in the "A_Soot.txt" below the " Soot module generated by SOOTGEN starts here"   " comment in the "kinetics.CHEMKIN_base3pp.CKI" file.

    
    

